add Q# package registry document (#1932)
microsoft/qsharp: library/Registry.md

> # Q# Package Registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Q# Project Registry
```

Reviewer: Now I'm less certain about this suggestion... settling on a specific terminology is something I think we need some consensus on.

> This document is a list of notable Q# library projects. If you have a package that you would like to add to this list, please open a pull request.

Reviewer: Oops, I forgot another instance of the word "package:"
```suggestion
This document is a list of notable Q# library projects. If you have a project that you would like to add to this list, please open a pull request.
```

> This document is a list of all known (to us) Q# packages. If you have a package that you would like to add to this list, please open a pull request.

Reviewer: I would err on the side of saying "notable" rather than "all known (to us)" in there. Also, did we want to use the work "package" or "project" here? I think we were trying to get away from the implications of "package." Maybe "library projects" is better? Tried it with both changes below.
```suggestion
This document is a list of notable Q# library projects. If you have a package that you would like to add to this list, please open a pull request.
```

## Unstable

[link](https://github.com/microsoft/qsharp/tree/main/library/unstable)

> A general staging ground for some useful APIs that have not yet been stabailized into the standard library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A general staging ground for some useful APIs that have not yet been stabilized into the standard library.
```
